[DOCS-8397] Update mobile session replay react native setup (#27874)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/setup_and_configuration.md

{{% tab "React Native" %}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">You need at least the Datadog <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative">React Native SDK</a> version <code>2.0.4</code> for Session Replay to work, as well as to use the version of the Session Replay SDK that matches the one you're using for the React Native SDK.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">To enable Session Replay, you must use at least version <code>2.0.4</code> of the Datadog <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative">React Native SDK</a>, and ensure that the Session Replay SDK version matches the React Native SDK version you are using.</div>
```
Just to suggest to reword slightly for clarity

All Session Replay SDK versions can be found in the [npmjs repository][1].

To set up Mobile Session Replay for React Native:

1. Make sure you've [setup and initialized the Datadog React Native SDK][2] with views instrumentation enabled.

2. Add the `@datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay` dependency, and make sure it matches the `@datadog/mobile-react-native` version, either through [yarn][3] or [npm][4].

   ```shell

>    yarn add @datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay@2.4.4-alpha.0

Author: ```suggestion
   yarn add @datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay
```

   ```

   ```shell

>    npm install @datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay@2.4.4-alpha.0

Author: ```suggestion
   npm install @datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay
```

   ```

> 2. Once the Datadog React Native SDK and Session Replay SDK dependencies are imported, you can enable the feature when configuring the SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After the Datadog React Native SDK and Session Replay SDK dependencies are imported, you can enable the feature when configuring the SDK:
```

   - If you use the `DatadogProvider` component:

     {{< code-block lang="typescript" filename="App.tsx" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

>      import { DatadogProvider, DatadogProviderConfiguration } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native";
>      import { SessionReplay } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay";
> 
>      const configuration = new DatadogProviderConfiguration(/* ... */)
> 
>      // Add this function as onInitialization prop to DatadogProvider
>      const onSDKInitialized = () => {
>        SessionReplay.enable();
>      };
> 
>      const App = () => {
>        const navigationRef = React.useRef(null);
>        return (
>          <DatadogProvider configuration={configuration} onInitialization={onSDKInitialized}>
>            {/* App */}
>          </DatadogProvider>
>        );
>      };

Reviewer 2: `SessionReplay.enable()` is async so we should await its execution, we should also show the configuration options available.

```suggestion
     import { DatadogProvider, DatadogProviderConfiguration } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native";
    import {
      ImagePrivacyLevel,
      SessionReplay,
      TextAndInputPrivacyLevel,
      TouchPrivacyLevel,
    } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay";

     const configuration = new DatadogProviderConfiguration(/* ... */)

     // Add this function as onInitialization prop to DatadogProvider
     const onSDKInitialized = async () => {
         await SessionReplay.enable({
            replaySampleRate: 100,
            textAndInputPrivacyLevel: TextAndInputPrivacyLevel.MASK_SENSITIVE_INPUTS, 
            imagePrivacyLevel: ImagePrivacyLevel.MASK_NONE, 
            touchPrivacyLevel: TouchPrivacyLevel.SHOW, 
         });
     };

     const App = () => {
       const navigationRef = React.useRef(null);
       return (
         <DatadogProvider configuration={configuration} onInitialization={onSDKInitialized}>
           {/* App */}
         </DatadogProvider>
       );
     };
```

    {{< /code-block >}}

   - If you use the `DdSdkReactNative.initialize` method:

     {{< code-block lang="typescript" filename="App.tsx" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

     import { DdSdkReactNative, DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native";
     import { SessionReplay } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay";

     const configuration = new DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration(/* ... */)

     DdSdkReactNative.initialize(configuration).then(() => {
       SessionReplay.enable();
     })
    {{< /code-block >}}

3. Enable Session Replay in your app, after initializing the Datadog SDK:
   {{< code-block lang="typescript" filename="App.tsx" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

   import { SessionReplay } from "@datadog/mobile-react-native-session-replay";

   SessionReplay.enable();

   {{< /code-block >}}

4. Define the configuration for Session Replay:

   {{< code-block lang="typescript" filename="App.tsx" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}

      SessionReplay.enable({
        replaySampleRate: 100, // Session Replay will be available for all sessions already captured by the SDK
      });

   {{< /code-block >}}

>    During this step, you can also configure multiple [privacy levels][5] that apply to replays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   During this step, you can also configure multiple [privacy levels][5] that apply to Session Replays.
```
not sure if this needs capitalized throughout or ok here?
